There's one more neat feature that can help you prevent cross-site request forgery attacks.
It's a fairly new addition to the cookie mechanism, which is a same site attribute.
It lets us block the cookie from being sent in certain scenarios.
The basis of Caesar of attack is that a third party site sends a malicious request to the site on which
the user is logged in.
The state of being locked in or not is usually determined by the server by reading the session ID from
a cookie which is sent by the browser along with the request or by reading whatever ads from the browser
that the server needs to ensure the user is correctly logged in so we can opt out of sending certain
cookies like those session cookies when the request is initiated by a third party site, in this case,
the malicious site.
If that cookie will not be sent, the cross-site request will fail.
This is as great as it sounds, but needs to be treated with some special care and it's definitely not
something that you can use instead of a token, but rather along with it.
The same site attributes can have three values.
Strict means that the cookie will only be sent when the request goes from and to this same origin.
For example, when the request to ww w example dot com goes from w w w example dot com.
The security in this case is very high, but usability is poor.
Let's assume the user is logged in on example dot com.
Then he goes to the example two dot com site and when that site even links to example dot com, the
browser will also stop the cookies on that request and the user with that on example dot com is not
logged in, which in some cases would be unexpected and confusing for the user.
But on the other hand, there are situations in which you really don't expect any external sites linking
to your site.
For example, no bank online, casino or lottery expects any requests coming from the outside to their
transaction systems.
A value of lots allow sending the cookie along with certain types of requests which are not considered
as harmful.
It includes linking from one place to another or get requests for many sites.
This seems to be the optimal solution.
It doesn't break the large amount of legitimate requests, but blocks many potential cross-site request
forgery attacks.
Use it when you don't want to stop cookies from being sent when a user is coming from another site like
strict would do.
And whenever you don't explicitly need the cookies to be sent with every request coming from everywhere.
Like without this same site that's reviewed, for example, unless you are creating a system for tracking
users.
The last value is none, which effectively disables any protection coming from the same site attribute.
As Chrome started to treat cookies without the same side attributes as having the value of flax.
If you really need the cookies to be sent with every request, for example, for the mentioned user
tracking purposes, you should explicitly specify the non value.
And finally, this is how to use this attribute when setting cookies in BHP.
And in JavaScript.
And it should be available in any cookie management plugin that you use.
For example, in the popular JS cookie, you would need to read this.
As the same said attribute is the recent addition to cookie standard.
We should verify the browsers compatibility.
Looking at can I use dot com?
The compatibility looks pretty good.
And the best thing is that legacy browsers and those which still have some issues with generally ignored
this attribute.
So you can use it without having to worry about backwards compatibility.
So using this is pretty easy, but unfortunately it's not so dependable to ditch the token system completely
first.
Some of the browsers which do not support it, are still in use and it wouldn't be nice to put their
users on risk.
Second, using strict can affect usability and using locks does not protect the site in certain scenarios
like the mentioned cross site.
Get requests, so use this same site attribute but not as the sole CSR of protection.
I already mentioned that using get for states changing requests is a bad idea and the few reasons for
that.
Let me pull together all the arguments.
First, it exposes all parameters in the URL as a query string.
It's visible on the screen.
It may be stored in server logs.
It may be sent to the external site in a referrer header.
Any data being sent with this method is more likely to leak than when using other methods.
Second, as it exposes all parameters in the URL and the NPC SRF token, send it this way would be exposed
to and the token system could be compromised.
Third, it makes this year's attacks much easier.
It's not a very big deal to try an attack with both methods, but attacking with get is super easy.
For example, it would be enough to place something like this on the malicious page.
No image will load of course, but the request to the example dot com will be sent without the user
even noticing that.
On the other hand, when using both method for a state changing operation, the request would have to
be initiated by JavaScript code, or the user would need to click something on the malicious site to
allow its owner to carry out an attack.
Also any cookie with same side attributes that two lacks will be sent along with get requests even if
initiated by a third party site.
And finally, it's just not what this method was designed for.
As its name suggests, it's forgetting data.
It's one of the basis of restful web services where you use get method to read data and other methods
to write, update or delete the data.
Also remember that in your code you must get the incoming data from a proper super global post.
When you expect post method, get when you expect to get the method etc. Don't use the request super
global unless you have a good reason and you know what you are doing.
In case you thought you have a simpler idea for NBC SRF protection, let me describe two methods that
will certainly be ineffective.
One way of ensuring the validity of request might be controlling the requests or region.
In other words, checking if htp heather called origin matches your site and in case it's empty if the
referrer had the beginning matches your site.
First and foremost, both of those categories may not be sent by the browser when we expect them.
So relying on them might result in false positives.
For example, origin will not be sent by many browsers.
Forget requests and referrer might be stripped out by referrer policy header.
And there are more cases.
Also in the particular case of cross-site request forgery attacks.
We came to some extent trust those two headers, but learning to trust them in general is very dangerous.
The CSR of Attack needs a regular browser of the legitimate user, and because the regular browsers
adhere to security standards, they will not let anyone to manipulate certain HTP headers with both
origin and referrer on the forbidden list.
So the attacker will not be able to manipulate the legitimate user's browser to spoof either of those
two headers.
But for any other attack for which the attacker doesn't need a legitimate user and their regular browser,
they can use custom software instead of the browser to send whatever HTP headers they want.
So in general, it's wrong to rely on any of them.
HTP headers are part of incoming data for which you should have no trust at all.
This is why Talking Systems still wins.
Also, some people think that asking user to confirm an operation is sufficient to avoid a cross-site
request forgery attack.
An attacker tries to, for example, transfer the money but will get stuck on the second step because
the user will not confirm the operation.
This is very wrong assumption.
First, if all the data is sent along with the request, the confirmation page could be attacked directly
and the theatre of attack will succeed.
For the attacker, it doesn't matter if they attack the transfer page or confirm transfer page.
If they both accept the amount and the destination, people try to fix that vulnerability by storing
the data from transfer.
Be in session and read the session data on conference transfer BHP.
But then the attacker just needs to run two requests, one to store the data in session and the other
one to run the actual transfer.
So using this approach gives a false sense of security.
To protect critical operations, you might consider some other verification methods.
For example, via email, Assamese, etc. But constantly asking users for confirmation can make them
actually stop paying attention to what they are confirming.
Better to ask users to double check only certain consequential actions like money transfer or password
change to ensure them what they are about to do.
But it's not the solution to prevent cross-site request forgery attacks.
So far, we've talked about protecting a user that already is logged in on the site, but it's important
to protect the login forms too without NTC or service protection.
A logging form could be used to log someone onto an attacker's account and steal the information the
user would provide when logged in.
For example credit card number during payment.
To protect logging forms, you simply need to start this session even before the user logs into your
site and use NTC SRF tokens in the authenticated sessions.
It would need a random token, the same that we did in the very first example.
And as we discussed in the chapter of Old Sessions, after a successful log in, the existing session
must be destroyed and the brand new session must be created with another recession ID and another NTC
SRF session token.
Whichever A.C. is are of method use.
When an attacker is able to put a script on your side.
They can break most of the security measures.
They will have full access to your pages, document, object, model and cookies, which means to all
places where you keep this secret.
Dawkins Which you rely on.
It very clearly shows how one vulnerability may be used as a base to conduct a different type of attack.